{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1250\deff0\deflang1045{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri Light;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\lang1033\b\f0\fs28 Handy News Reader\line\sub\'bb handynewsreader.blogspot.com\nosupersub\par
\par
Handy News Reader WebSite - English Texts.\line\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0\par
current features - \par
upcoming - \par
download - \par
help - \par
tips & tricks - \par
news - \par
about - \par
\par
current features - reviewed: - \par
upcoming features - reviewed: - \par
\par
make up Your Dream Magazine - \par
interesting articles straight into Your hands - \par
finally enjoy reading - \par
what does it take to be up-to-date? - \par
focus on the essence - \par
\par
website under construction - \par
\par
...enjoy Your Life being distraction-free - and up-to-date with Your interests in the same time. Focus on the Essence... - \par
\par
full articles at hand - \par
\par
Finally You can gather all Your interesting stuff and read it - in one place :) . - \par
\par
\par
convenient reading - \par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 switching articles by volume buttons or swipe - \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}'tap areas' - \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}remembering the position of reading per article - \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
important articles' notification - \par
\par
You will no longer miss anything important. - \par
\par
\par
"remove from the Favorites when done" - \par
\par
When You've finished one of earlier chosen articles - it may be automatically removed from 'Favorites'. - \par
\par
\par
'Read It Later' - \par
\par
You can quickly flick through articles - marking chosen ones to read later in Your spare time. - \par
\par
\par
ready to go off-line - \par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 go off-line and dive into interesting reading without distractions - \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}once updated, there is no need of additional loading anything - it really will do without Internet :) - \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}You can set minimum battery level for the updates to gain more time to read (energy-wise) - \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
save the bandwidth (especially with the mobile data plan) - \par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 go on-line only for new articles - not for loading their full-version every single time - \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}control what should be downloaded - and to what degree - \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
adjust text size - \par
\par
Wide choice of various text sizes - both in articles and article list. - \par
\par
\par
\par
...to implement or consider... - \par
\par
"Read It Later" instead of "Starred" and "Favorites" - \par
\par
It could be much more convincing to put it this way - especially for average (non-technical) users. It is highly probable that marking articles as starred often serves this purpose: to easily go back to them in some later - spare time. So 'Read It Later' could give a better idea of how this feature may benefit the user. - \par
\par
\par
"Important Articles" instead of "Mark(ed) as starred" - \par
\par
A dedicated filter placing chosen articles into 'Favorites' (or 'Read It Later') most probably will be used to preserve the content which user finds most important and bring it to a foreground via notification. - \par
\par
Therefore it would be a good idea to call it (e.g.) 'Notify on Important Articles' (many people would benefit from this feature if it would be clear when it could come in handy). - \par
\par
\par
Press Review - \par
\par
Relax and give Yourself not overwhelming doses of carefully composed set of articles = each time You feel like catching up or just diving into the new stuff :) . - \par
\par
\par
no RSS confusion - \par
\par
RSS feeds not always provide full articles. Handy would be the first RSS reader to provide unified (and not confusing) experience: - \par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Full articles retrieved in all subscribed feeds. - \par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Excerpts generated by Handy (not RSS). - \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 It could also bring an additional advantage: enable users to adjust excerpts' length. - \par
\par
\par
global rejecting filter or rejecting action within global filter - \par
\par
In order to make content-rejecting feature much more convenient and easier to use (no need to set it up for each single feed). - \par
\par
\par
what type of a reader You are? - \par
\par
Get more insight on how do You spend time reading the Web. - \par
\par
\par
custom font - \par
\par
Ability to change fonts (both in articles and article list - 'Lato Light' font especially recommended. - \par
\par
\par
full backup/restore feature - \par
\par
Full backup/restore feature in settings or app's menu - instead of currently automatically generated feeds backup and sharing 'Favorites' - \par
\par
Besides it could be great to put backup file (optionally) directly on Google Drive or FTP server. - \par
\par
\par
control data usage - \par
\par
A clearly visible counter of consumed bandwidth (in MB) + an alert on reaching a particular limit. - \par
\par
\par
mark as read while scrolling - \par
\par
\pard{\pntext\f0 1.\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pndec{\pntxta.}}
\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Make 'Show article text in list' working on all unread articles list (not only a single feed list). - \par
{\pntext\f0 2.\tab}Make articles on this list marked as read while scrolling too. - \par
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
custom colors (primary and accent) - \par
\par
More GUI personalization: allow the user to change the main and accent colors of the app + maybe include a couple themes to choose. - \par
\par
\par
confirm icon - \par
\par
For some users it can be confusing that there is no 'confirm' icon throughout the app (there is only the back arrow). - \par
\par
\par
text brightness slider - \par
\par
Swipe along the left or right edge of the screen to adjust text brightness. - \par
\par
\par
coherent text size - \par
\par
Same text size both in articles and article's text on article list. - \par
\par
\par
Handy System Log - \par
\par
Easily check out if anything has been wrong using app's system log with every action accompanied by a timestamp. - \par
\par
\par
WebView alternative rendering engine - \par
\par
On Android 6 and earlier using WebView as a HTML rendering engine may cause in app crash. - \par
\par
\par
bug: inconsistent font size & UI language - \par
\par
After double-changing the device's orientation font-size enlarges and UI language reverts to Android default. - \par
\par
\par
bug: 'ghostly unread ;) ' - \par
\par
Unread articles' count shows a particular number although the list is empty. - \par
\par
\par
wanna something else? - \par
\par
Suggest a feature, report a bug or share Your feedback :) . - \par
\par
refresh the site (F5) to see all the features again... - \par
\par
Your name/nick: - \par
\par
Your e-mail: - \par
\par
Your message: - \par
\par
Send - \par
\par
more information - \par
\par
\par
blog - \par
\par
links: - \par
\par
- Handy on Google Play - \par
- XDA Developers forum thread - \par
\par
contact - \par
\par
developer - \par
webmaster - \par
\par
web-design by - \par
\par
a beautiful woman photo with the courtesy of: - \par
\par
Are You a developer and would like a website for Your app? Feel free to contact :) ! - \par
\par
Download - \par
\par
Download the latest version of Handy News Reader from Google Play. - \par
}
 